have you ever had a terrible travel
experience canceled flights long
layovers in his zigzag itinerary well on
our way back from Colombia the airline
we were flying with went on strike
turning what should have been his
six-hour flight into 40 hours of travel
starting with a flight backwards from
Midian to Bogota a 12 hour layover there
then to Costa Rica for another 12 hour
layover and finally flat home but
instead of being sad and complain about
it we thought would challenge ourselves
and any of you if you ever get screwed
over by an airline in the future to turn
that dreadful travel experience into an
epic adventure so with a meetup
organized in Bogota and airport lounges
to sink into here are our 10 steps to
transforming a lengthy travel day into
an epic adventure
[Music]
don't they start a lounge
yes
[Music]
all right so our trip just got 10%
better with a little free food a little
coffee very easy to sneak in actually
literally just walked in
watch that tonight Oh guitar walking
into the meetup and see the five people
that show up I think there's some people
there go watch the football game this oh
did you want to come go ahead mistake it
for all the sponsors they make great
content I will buy it all the brand's
here's your money thank you they found
like a place we can all watch the game
together
[Music]
it's gonna be a party
[Applause]
boy
[Music]
I don't know why I was expecting it oh
they were so close to scoring - yeah all
right we are back at the airport three
of these guys who came all the way to
the airport with us which is awesome
they're saying that the luggage to the
by these guys paid for dinner they all
chipped in to pay for dinner
they insisted on just the splitting of
themselves
there's a storm in christeta ken a lot
of flights are being canceled the storm
is literally hitting written all the
roads are closed like it's like their
face every time there's a little
turbulence he's just like it's just like
a waiting death on the way here we got
struck by lightning and the whole plane
to start shaking I'm okay with buying
and just up to that point I'm like
that's hitting Costa Rica as we speak
and we're flying into Costa Rica CNN the
state of emergency has been declared in
Central American nations where more than
20 people are missing and Costa Rica
nearly 400,000 people are without
running water and thousands are sleeping
in shelters
the storm is like really violent I'm
gonna go tell Manny is over there
sitting in forestry
the conditions were
the moment we don't have any information
about this
we do it yeah I'm gonna announce it to
Darren these sofas for now like they
have no signal let it being like unsaved
alright
pilots have slept enough because I know
they usually don't sleep enough and
that's why sometimes
yes leva Walker of visitors last
airplane
[Music]
Thomas you do crash on this plane you
know I just want to say shout-out to my
parents for making me for making me sis
like and subscribe if we don't make it
on Mars gonna need some more subs
survive fertilizers we feel like and
subscribe
[Music]
prime sleeping location
[Applause]
[Music]
for connecting feisty
music riously over home
Avianca you are the worst airline that I
had ever seen in my entire life
[Music]
Lola please